Restructured README file for Onboarding (#3155)
Catrobat/Catroweb: README.md

⚠️ **__If you have not heard about who Catrobat is, what we are doing and in what ways you can contribute, then you might want to take a step back and check out the start of our [step-by-step guide](https://github.com/Catrobat/Catroid/blob/develop/README.md).__**
```diff

> 👷 TODO: Change link to README in Catrobat's .github repository when added!

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better to create a ticket instead of this ToDo here?

```
💡 *If any step in the following process is unclear, misleading, or incorrect, you can directly contribute by issuing a pull request with the updated information!*

# Catroweb

> Catroweb is the name of the "Pocket Code" [sharing platform](https://share.catrob.at/app/), where our community can upload their projects. If you uploaded your game in the previous step, it should already be visible to all other users. They can now download and remix your masterpiece. Additionally, the platform provides users with features typical for a social network.

Reviewer: game is only a subset of the possible projects. Should we really reduce the set to games here?

## Team Culture
We work as a team and expect everyone to follow the rules. In our daily work, we use the methods listed below to create high-quality code. We support each other but also anticipate newcomers to learn about our coding principles proactively:

- [Test-Driven Development](http://wiki.c2.com/?TestDrivenDevelopment)
- [Clean Code](https://www.planetgeek.ch/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/Clean-Code-V2.2.pdf)
- Jira Workflow
- Style Guide
- Code Reviews
- Pair Programming
- Biweekly Meetings (remote)

## Technologies

> Below you can find an outline of the technologies we currently use at Catroweb. If you want to contribute to our team, your tech stack should cover most of the technologies. But don't worry! If you are uncertain about a specific technology, you can learn it along the way. Google is your friend ;)

Reviewer: Should we really mention Google here? @HCrane

### Languages
[![HTML](http://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-darkblue)](https://www.w3schools.com/html/)

> [![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-darkblue)](https://www.w3schools.com/css/)

Reviewer: To be more specific we use sass

[![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-with_Symfony_and_Laravel-green?labelColor=darkblue)](https://www.php.net/)

> [![Symfony](https://img.shields.io/badge/Symfony-darkblue)](https://symfony.com/)

Reviewer: Symfony is a framework, no language.

> [![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-darkblue)](https://laravel.com/)

Reviewer: We don't use laravel in this project

> [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-darkblue)](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)

Reviewer: SQL should also be known to the backend devs.

> ### Infrastructure (IDE, Version Control, Issue Tracking, ...)

Reviewer: GitHub Actions would fit good into this context

Reviewer: If we mention tools such as the IDE, which is, by all means, optional, why remove tools that must be used such as webpack, phpstan, psalm, ... from the tech stack?

[![PhpStorm](https://img.shields.io/badge/PhpStorm-recommended-green?labelColor=purple)](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/)
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-purple)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-purple)](https://jira.catrob.at/secure/Dashboard.jspa)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-purple)](https://www.docker.com/)

### Knowledge Repository
[![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/Confluence-orange)](https://confluence.catrob.at/)

### Communication
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-green)](https://slack.com/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-green)](https://discord.com/)

> 

Reviewer: also directly in GitHub via PRs

## Start Contribution
If you feel confident that your tech stack matches our requirements, then we invite you to [start contributing](https://github.com/Catrobat/Catroweb/blob/develop/.github/onboarding.md)!

## Issues
You found a bug? 

> 1. Perfect, please check the [open issues on Jira](https://jira.catrob.at/browse/SHARE-529?jql=project%20%3D%20%22SHARE%22%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20key%20DESC) first to avoid duplicate tickets!

Reviewer 2: Correct Jira URL: https://jira.catrob.at/projects/SHARE/issues/?filter=allopenissues
```suggestion
1. Perfect, please check the [open issues on Jira](https://jira.catrob.at/projects/SHARE/issues/?filter=allopenissues) first to avoid duplicate tickets!
```
